Switch SCD example to entity type `natural` (#4629)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/dimensions.md

| 333             | 2    | 2020-08-19 | 2021-10-22| 
| 333             | 3    | 2021-10-22 | 2048-01-01|  

> Take note of the extra arguments under `validity_params`: `is_start` and `is_end`. These arguments indicate the columns in the SCD table that contain the start and end dates for each tier (or beginning or ending timestamp column for a dimensional value). Note also the entity is tagged as `natural` - this is to distinguish it from a `primary` entity, where we expect one row per entity value. Here, we expect one row per entity value/validity window combination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `validity_params` include two important arguments &mdash; `is_start` and `is_end`. These specify the columns in the SCD table that mark the start and end dates (or timestamps) for each tier or dimension. Additionally, the entity is tagged as `natural` to differentiate it from a `primary` entity. In a `primary` entity, each entity value has one row. In contrast, a `natural` entity has one row for each combination of entity value and its validity period.
```

> 
>     entities:

Author: ```suggestion

    primary_entity: sales_person

    entities:
```
